iPhone: My granddaughter to the park. When I got your message.
iPhone: Oh yeah, I've been sleeping, most of the day see hurt my daughter came back. So I just took advantage or just sleeping.
Dominique Pozo: Well woken up
iPhone: And then I woke up and then her mom up and left. So I told my granddaughter. Let's have
iPhone: You know, get out of
iPhone: There.
iPhone: And I was looking at my stuff and I saw that you tell you said message. Sounds like oh thank god.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, good. Yeah, it sounds like this is the time for some support. I'm just turning my phone off so I can be fully present with you.
Dominique Pozo: And I've been running around and they didn't expect to have a session to with you. So I'm just need to eat a little food while we talk if that's okay.
iPhone: That's fine.
iPhone: I know she's been doing that, that mess. I know she is because she just just been yelling at me angry. Talking to talking down to telling me like a child that I'm a child. And I don't know if I've told you but I i didn't raise her
iPhone: So,
Dominique Pozo: Yes, yes.
iPhone: Go. He's just got all this guilt anger and she's got went ahead and made a decision to
iPhone: That are other grandma.
iPhone: Take Mariah for a while.
Dominique Pozo: The child.
iPhone: Yeah, yeah. So I did the bus tickets, and I could buy a bus to 494 to leave Thursday.
Dominique Pozo: To go back to New Mexico.
Dominique Pozo: So is that what you're going to do.
iPhone: I think I admire my mom.
iPhone: She's excited, you know, she knows how my daughter is and stuff.
iPhone: But anyway, I just can't handle the literally
iPhone: And because I can't walk or move that fast. Like if I if I move too fast. I could fall
iPhone: Yeah, and I don't want to be going through that and then was her up in my face and know who I am, you know, I can't tolerate somebody talking to me that way. I usually normally would pop them in the face, especially if they're right up in my face.
iPhone: Is the way I am who I am, you know. Don't talk to me like that. But no matter what I say to her, she won't let me get one word in
iPhone: Ad or how nice agenda set and then she'll find other ways to grab whatever they and squash it
iPhone: another avenue of
iPhone: Her destructing me. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Patricia I i have a concern coming up, just thinking about the history that you briefly shared with me about your daughter.
Dominique Pozo: I'm concerned that you're going to leave for New Mexico and nothing's going to be addressed in a in a healthy way between you two and you're going to carry the pain of that.
iPhone: Yeah, I think so.
iPhone: I kind of know. So I've already been thinking about it.
iPhone: And then having to say goodbye to my granddaughter, you know,
Dominique Pozo: So I'm wondering, do you think your daughter would be willing to come to counseling with you and me so that we can actually hopefully talk through this. You can leave in a good way and not with her.
iPhone: I don't know if she'd be willing to because she's on this line mighty and, you know,
iPhone: I'm the one who has the problems. I'm the one who who needs the mental health.
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: So I really, it's not really owning her pirate or or down to meet you.
iPhone: It's just told me
Dominique Pozo: She's so hurt. This is coming from such a hurt place. That's what I was
iPhone: doing math okay cuz I know because my my granddaughter last night came in, when I visit in her room where I sleep. And she said, Grandma Mama's heart is beating really fast.
Dominique Pozo: Oh no, yeah.
iPhone: And just
iPhone: Behaves you know from
iPhone: Is barely came back yesterday.
iPhone: And we got into our, she said, I'm gonna go get something to drink. And so we got in a car and my friend calls. And he said, What's up and I'm like, oh, my daughter made it back. You know, I was trying to be happy at if we should be
iPhone: Talking about me.
iPhone: When I told my daughter last night or my granddaughter because my granddaughter's it spent their friends. And so my daughter was in a room. My granddaughter was living. Yeah, I said your mom came home and I was like, I gotta pick up her stuff, you know, Mariah stuff, you know,
iPhone: On the other us again clean out me
Dominique Pozo: How many days with she gone for
Dominique Pozo: Three weeks, three weeks gone
iPhone: Three weeks.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, yes.
iPhone: I mean, mind you. So we started running out of food.
iPhone: And God her uncle came by to get something that and my daughter comments and my uncle is coming. Mike, can you give him this. So I did. And then I said, Well, I had to give him $40 that she odium
iPhone: Me to stores like it pick it up.
iPhone: And I took you guys do you have been in line running us to grocery store, really quick. You know, and then after that he's been checking on is like really, and this was just tues yeah away no fast Thursday.
iPhone: So,
Well,
Dominique Pozo: It's just, Well, I want to reflect back to that. It sounds like you're taking care of yourself you're recognizing what's going on with your daughter and excuse me one second.
iPhone: It's you gotta do.
Dominique Pozo: I think a little not pull up my nose. I can feel it in there.
iPhone: That you are talking to me Domini cuz I don't know. I was going to do. I mean, last night, she was just in my face.
iPhone: Just putting me down. And I just wanted to call it a motel room and you say, I'm done. You know,
Dominique Pozo: I think this is you know i have i want to validate that you're really taking care of yourself and you know what you need. And it's not easy. It's not easy to walk away from your granddaughter or your daughter when she's going through such a hard time
iPhone: Right, so I know that I guess that's what hurts.
iPhone: Me when
iPhone: I don't want to be in this kind of way, you know,
Yes.
iPhone: I'm going to tell her.
iPhone: I'm just gonna go ahead and leave SINCE YOU HAVE THINGS SQUARED AWAY FOR Mariah.
iPhone: And I think the only excuse. She's gonna have is
iPhone: That you're going to help me pack.
Dominique Pozo: For what
iPhone: I think I'm moving back to Arizona.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, okay.
iPhone: Yeah, but
iPhone: She's not gonna stop. She's not gonna quit and I can't
iPhone: I can't handle it. I mean, I just cannot put up with some talking to me that way.
Dominique Pozo: Well, it's abuse. It sounds like abuse, so
iPhone: Alex Oh, where I'm coming from. She has no
iPhone: No concern about me.
iPhone: even recognize that I'm walking better
iPhone: You know, everything is well yeah the money put yourself in that, you know, because I did try to kill myself. You know what I mean, just all this history stuff she's just using against me and
iPhone: So she could validate where what she
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
iPhone: And I understand it. I'm like, you
iPhone: A yelling match.
iPhone: Car
iPhone: To where we probably would have gotten to craxton
iPhone: Recognize that all the anger is coming from, is because I'm not the mother, she wished I could have been
Great.
iPhone: You know, and so therefore, I'm not good enough for her race. She is way because not because of me.
iPhone: You understand what I'm saying.
Dominique Pozo: She's well I hear that there's a very hurt wounded young person young part of her that still hasn't done any work to heal, especially if she's doing
Dominique Pozo: She's, she's really you know numbing out from
Dominique Pozo: From the pain of
Dominique Pozo: Well, I think I wonder if you're willing to approach her and just say, you know, my therapist is willing to talk to the two of us. And I want to have some, some, you know,
Dominique Pozo: Healing conversation together. Are you open it. Let's just, you know, it's worth a try, and more for you than her. I mean, for sure. For her, but more for your
Dominique Pozo: Your price of mind and your heart because your in your recovery process to Patricia. And I'm wondering how is your drinking been
iPhone: It's been I just drink. Maybe I've been drinking, maybe a half a day.
iPhone: Uh huh. You know, yea, though I'm not drinking like getting drunk.
Yeah.
iPhone: Well, I can feel it. You know, I keep waiting on my depression.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, totally. I mean, that's my concern is that it's not helping you.
iPhone: Skate because they don't have friends here.
iPhone: Can't really go anywhere. Cuz I can't really walk that well and I had my granddaughter, the whole time.
Dominique Pozo: Well, I'm gonna bring up that I've heard you talk about as a great healthy place to put that energy and I'm going to encourage and invite you to make your art. It's the best therapy. I mean I I trained as an art therapist. I really believe in it.
Dominique Pozo: And you know that
iPhone: I do try to go to that. But it's been so heavy on me and then I I can't even think about like
iPhone: My inner you know it's I've taken him out her around my granddaughter.
iPhone: My future, you know, all these different things have been popping up and i i had no place to put it. You know,
Dominique Pozo: Patty, put it in your own and
Dominique Pozo: And use that. That's that is what makes the deepest
Dominique Pozo: pieces of work that touch other people because you're not alone. How many people have strained relations with their family members. How many people deal with alcohol abuse. How many people are have torn families that have so many heartbreaks in
iPhone: Our people
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
iPhone: Right, she's she tells I guess it's what she tells me when you need to do because I made the mistake of talking with
iPhone: my granddaughter's other grandmother, the baby daddy.
iPhone: And basically telling her while yeah I'm kind of depressed because she just up I come up here, you know, to get
iPhone: You know in our, in our show me as just up in in these in these me with Mariah. You know, what am I think, how am I supposed to fill parent needs. She's been taught other other I could tell just by what she's saying, and then now the other grandma doesn't even really talked
iPhone: Are now all high and mighty because
iPhone: Getting. Do you understand
iPhone: I get it, and I made the mistake by Chinese Chester. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: I'm hearing a couple of things I'm hearing this, you don't have your community of support there you're reaching out and it's just you don't have your community.
Dominique Pozo: And I think as long as you remain there. I think about art is a big support for you and it's
Dominique Pozo: It's there you have it. It's something that's so natural for you.
iPhone: I'm really gonna focus on trying to leave on Thursday.
iPhone: I mean, that's pretty much the only good I could do
iPhone: And
iPhone: To me that she wants me to leave anyway.
iPhone: You know she she can't stand me she really can
iPhone: Just
iPhone: I can say one thing, and she squashes it
iPhone: You know, I mean, it's pain fun. Yeah. I understand it yet. I'm like, wait a minute, you know,
iPhone: And then she had the nerve to be, why did I come up here.
iPhone: Asking me to come up here.
iPhone: Now, and this is all you wanted was for me to watch your daughter for three weeks. Will you go on our mess bench wasting all your emails check income tax return.
iPhone: And your baby daddies money.
iPhone: Only person on the journey I've been really words like talk with like is my dad and I can't be putting out my dad. He told me I said just leave. Call the police and leave.
iPhone: You know, but I don't want to make a job. I like that. I don't want to go out that way.
Dominique Pozo: And it'll be a traumatic for your granddaughter, even though this this whole thing sounds dramatic, but if she gets taken away from mom, although I don't know it sounds pretty bad if
Dominique Pozo: It was not around, but it sounds like the other grandmother is going to take care of her.
iPhone: I guess so, yeah, that's her. She said she's
iPhone: Her
iPhone: Sister now.
iPhone: Which, you know,
iPhone: I don't, I don't mind but
iPhone: She's got grandkids. Do you know it's like
iPhone: Go, I gotta look at quite out. I need more help.
iPhone: Okay. Oh.
iPhone: Nice done
iPhone: With the right I think I will ask her if
iPhone: If we get, like, I'll tell her, my counselors line to talk to us.
iPhone: Together you
Dominique Pozo: Before you go, yeah, before you go.
iPhone: And I think that would be best because you know we're having a very hard communication right now.
iPhone: And I'm just, you just
iPhone: You just you.
iPhone: You, you, you, you need me.
Dominique Pozo: Well, it's worth a try, then at least you can leave knowing you tried everything.
Dominique Pozo: Right, and that you didn't. You didn't just leave without giving it your best
iPhone: Right.
Dominique Pozo: I think I'm going to encourage that, because
Dominique Pozo: From what I'm hearing and I know it's going to be hard and
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, it's worth a try.
iPhone: Okay.
iPhone: I'm with my granddaughter.
Dominique Pozo: Hi, hi, hi, sweetie.
iPhone: That's Mariah.
Dominique Pozo: What do you, what do you enjoy doing with your grandma Mariah.
iPhone: Um, that we like to
iPhone: Explore
Dominique Pozo: Where do you explore. Where do you go
iPhone: To shower right year around.
Dominique Pozo: Where is that
iPhone: Apart.
iPhone: We're, we're blessed that she lives across the street from us apart.
iPhone: They're like a kitty T ball.
iPhone: Field like let me show you.
iPhone: Can you see it. Yes. Yeah. And then we're all those trees.
Dominique Pozo: Huh.
iPhone: Yeah, so, and then right at the end down here. There's a store. So that's where I go get my little thing.
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh, uh huh. Well, I'm going to encourage you to replace that little thing with some art making
iPhone: Okay, yeah.
iPhone: I did that last night I locked I shut the door and just stayed in Rome and just started
iPhone: Oh, good thing.
iPhone: This morning she really tells her, my granddaughter.
iPhone: I know where you get your creativity from me her art. Uh huh. And she showed her pictures of her. Her uncle's artwork.
Dominique Pozo: Oh. Uh huh.
iPhone: Me off as far as
Dominique Pozo: Yeah yeah
Her
Dominique Pozo: she's not. She's just not acknowledging you
iPhone: Know, she isn't watching so
iPhone: I gotta move on. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Well,
Dominique Pozo: I'll be praying for you Patty and just
Dominique Pozo: Really wishing you the best. Why don't we just call this session, half an hour. We still have like eight minutes.
Dominique Pozo: If you want to use the eight more minutes.
iPhone: No, we keep I'm fine. We're fine.
Because he's good.
iPhone: But thank you
iPhone: for talking with me.
Dominique Pozo: I'm you're so welcome. You're so welcome please reach out as you did because my day is pretty choppy. And sometimes I'll have a half hour, an hour here and we can use it in
Dominique Pozo: All right, great. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: All right me hottie.
Dominique Pozo: Know what happened that's
Dominique Pozo: Yeah. Okay. All right.
iPhone: All right.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. Bye bye.
Dominique Pozo: So for whoever's transcribing. This is just a 30 minute session, not one hour. Thank you.